add metrics content (#5224)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties.mdx

When searching on event properties within the **Issues** page, the search will return any issue that has _one or more events_ matching the supplied event properties filter.

### Metrics Properties

> 

Author: ```suggestion

<Note>

This feature is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in joining this limited release, please reach out at [abc@sentry.io](mailto:abc@sentry.io).

</Note>

```

When searching on event properties within the **Issues** page, the search will return any issue that has _one or more events_ matching the supplied event properties filter.

### Metrics Properties

<Note>

> This feature is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in joining this limited release, please reach out at [abc@sentry.io](mailto:abc@sentry.io).

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
```

</Note>

> TBA

Author: ```suggestion
Metric properties underly [processed events](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/). In **Dashboards**, for the ["Errors & Transactions"](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#errors--transactions) data set, we default to metric-backed data if all search conditions and/or columns are metric properties.
```

> Metric properties underly [processed events](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/). In **Dashboards**, for the ["Errors & Transactions"](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#errors--transactions) data set, we default to metric-backed data if all search conditions and/or columns are metric properties.

Author: ```suggestion
Metric properties underly [processed events](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/). In **Dashboards**, for the ["Errors & Transactions"](/product/dashboards/widget-builder/#errors--transactions) dataset, we default to metric-backed data if all search conditions and/or columns are metric properties.
```

## Properties Table

Below is a list of issue-level and event-level keys and tokens reserved and known to Sentry. The columns with just letters represent whether the property is one of:

- E - events
- I - issues
- M - metrics

> The Xs in these columns of the table indicate whether the property is an event property, an issue property, a metrics property, or a combination of these.

Author: ```suggestion
The Xs in these columns of the table indicate whether the property is an event property, an issue property, a metrics property, or a combination of these.

<Note>

Metrics-based properties are in beta and are only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in joining this limited release, please reach out at [abc@sentry.io](mailto:abc@sentry.io).

</Note>
```

## Properties Table

Below is a list of issue-level and event-level keys and tokens reserved and known to Sentry. The columns with just letters represent whether the property is one of:

- E - events
- I - issues
- M - metrics

<Note>

> Metrics-based properties are in beta and are only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).

Author: ```suggestion
Metric properties are in beta and are only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
```

> Metrics-based properties are in beta and are only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in joining this limited release, please reach out at [abc@sentry.io](mailto:abc@sentry.io).

Author: ```suggestion
Metrics-based properties are in beta and are only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
```

</Note>

> The Xs in these columns of the table indicate whether the property is an event property, an issue property, a metrics property, or a combination of these.

Author: ```suggestion
The Xs in these columns of the table indicate whether the property is an event property, an issue property, a metric property, or a combination of these.
```
